Welcome to the section 7 challenge the purpose of this challenge is not to solve a specific problem
but to give you a chance to practice with vectors.
Declared two vectors and we'll add these vectors to a two dimensional vector that will declare as well.
You'll get a chance to work with the vectors at pushback and size methods and also work with a two dimensional
vector.
Then at the end of this challenge I'll ask you to modify a vector element and analyze the effect it
has.
You might be surprised by the result.
Please go through the challenge in order and implement each of the directives in the challenge.
Let's go over the details of this challenge together.
First I'd like you to declare two empty vectors of integers named vector one and vector to respectively.
Then add 10:22 vector one dynamically using the pushback method.
Display those two vector elements using the ATM method as well as the size using the size method.
Do the same thing for vector too.
Except we're going to add 100 and 200 this time.
They don't want you to declare an empty two dimensional vector called vector to D.
Remember a two dimensional vector is a vector of vectors.
Then I want you to add vector 1 to vector to d using pushback then add vector to vector to d using pushback
as well.
Then display the elements and vector to d using the method.
Now comes the interesting part.
I want you to change vector ones first element using the zero method and I want you to change it to
a thousand.
They don't want you to display the elements in the 2d vector again using the app method just like you
did before.
And then finally display the elements in vector 1.
Take a look at the results and see if it's what you expected and see what you think happened.
That's it.
Good luck.
Have fun once you've finished the challenge extended it any way you wish.
Remember the more you practice the easier programming becomes.
Once you finish a challenge join me in the next video and we'll go over my solution.